docs(microservices) add microservices-timeout page (#1258)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/microservices/timeout.md

### Timeout

> Sometimes, microservices are down or not available. For such cases, a timeout is required. If the microservice does not respond to the request within a certain time, an Exception is thrown, which can be caught and an error message will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, microservices are down or not available. You can handle these cases using the `RxJS` timeout operator in the call. If the microservice does not respond to the request within a certain time, an Exception is thrown, which can be caught and handled appropriately.
```
